scout/integrations (#17862)
docker/docs: scout/integrations/ci/gha.md

the permissions available to the job.

Add the following to the YAML file:

{% raw %}
```yaml
steps:
  - name: Checkout repository
    uses: actions/checkout@v3
    with:
      ref: ${{ env.SHA }}

  - name: Setup Docker buildx
    uses: docker/setup-buildx-action@v2.5.0

  # Login against a Docker registry except on PR
  # https://github.com/docker/login-action
  - name: Log into registry ${{ env.REGISTRY }}
    uses: docker/login-action@v2.1.0
    with:
      registry: ${{ env.REGISTRY }}
      username: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_USER }}
      password: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_PAT }}

  # Extract metadata (tags, labels) for Docker
  # https://github.com/docker/metadata-action
  - name: Extract Docker metadata
    id: meta
    uses: docker/metadata-action@v4.4.0
    with:
      images: ${{ env.REGISTRY }}/${{ env.IMAGE_NAME }}
      labels: |
        org.opencontainers.image.revision=${{ env.SHA }}
      tags: |
        type=edge,branch=$repo.default_branch
        type=semver,pattern=v{{version}}
        type=sha,prefix=,suffix=,format=short
```
{% endraw %}

This creates workflow steps to checkout the repository, set up Docker buildx,

> log into the Docker registry, and extract metadata from Git reference and GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log in to the Docker registry, and extract metadata from Git reference and GitHub
```
